hi Tom Bunyan welcome to my kitchen
today I'm going to share with you a
recipe for the typical Polish vegetable
salad I think each household component
would have their own recipe for sawatya
Shannara because that's how we call that
but I'm going to share with you my mom's
recipe it is a salad made out of boiled
root vegetables with some pickles some
peas some mayonnaise and mustard it's
really really delicious so I hope you
guys going to be brave enough to give
this one a try and let's have a look at
the greediest so you know what you need
so I washed all my vegetables and right
now I'm going to boil them so my
potatoes my carrots celery root and the
past livin and in the separate saucepan
I'm going to bawl my eggs they need to
be hard hard boiled now when my eggs are
ready I'm just going to run some cold
waters through them to stop the boiling
process and to call them down as well
and make them easier together now the
vegetables are going to be boiling for
another half an hour I'm going to poke
them with the fork and if they easily
slide down they're ready we don't want
to over boil them because then the salad
will get too mushy now we need to let
them cool down before we start the heart
part which is peeling them peeling
everything off and then cutting it into
small cubes so everything all the
vegetables were boiled the cucumber's
the pickled cucumbers apples everything
eggs as well
everything we're peeling off and then
everything we're going to be cutting
into small cubes
you
now that we cover all the chopping we
adding our sweet peas and then we need
to give it a toss just mix them a little
bit and then it's time to add our
mayonnaise
mana start as well a salt and pepper now
then we're going to be mixing it until
everything is well incorporated taste it
for seasoning if you do add somewhere
salt some more pepper it started right
now time to do it and then we are going
to level it nicely in the serving bowl
and decorate it I'm going to decorate
mine with I left one of the carrots
aside and with my ear vegetable peeler
I'm making small stripes as you can see
and then I'm going to be rolling them in
the kind of flowers you can say it I'm
going to decorate it I'm going to
decorate my salad with basil leaves as
well but originally it should be done
with the parsley leaves but they just
didn't have any now the important part
is the salad needs to stay at least two
hours in the fridge before you serve it
so all the ingredients can kind of
combine together
we're right - so let's give it a try
it's very good I love that little kick
which the Mastiff gives I'm using de
Jong master and it's a little bit more
spicy than usual a young master and I
love that as well as the pepper that's
not something you want to skip on in
this cellar as as far as the - go so you
need to decide what you want to do in in
some recipes they even give more manners
than what I gave you in the in the
ingredients but you can if you want to
exchange part of the mayonnaise with the
plain yogurt I usually use a green plain
yogurt this one I wanted to make a
traditional way that's how it is done
but you need to know that there is an
option for this if you know the mine is
mine exchange it in some way for them
for the yogurt and it's going to be
their issues as well and I think that's
about it for this time I hope you you
enjoy my recipe
and if you give it a try you please let
me know what you think and I will see
you next time